The Road with No Turns
By Aidan Walsh
	“Turn right onto Magnolia Road.”
	“Here,” Jason said under his breath as he slowly banked a right.  The headlights on his Honda Civic illuminated a rusted 45 MPH sign as he straightened out the wheel.
	“I had fun,” Lani said, looking up from her phone.  “The food was good.”
	“It was,” Jason said as he twisted a dial to adjust the heat; the windows had begun to fog up.
	“And thank you for paying,” Lani said.  She leaned against the passenger door, awkwardly resting her arm on the windowsill.  “Would have paid myself, or done halfsies on it – I’m not a big fan of that ‘guys always have to pay’ kinda mentality, yaknow.”
	“Fair, but I asked you out, not the other way around.”
	“Eh,” Lani said, resuming her attention back to her phone.
And Jason focused on his driving again, on the thin beam of light that his headlights cut into the darkness.  They were driving deeper into the woods, seemingly further from any civilization.  The road was absent from turns, and so straight that it looked unnatural; like a long line had been drawn on the map with a ruler, and then constructed perfectly with no regards for the landscape that surrounded it.
“Stay on Magnolia Road for eight miles,” the GPS said, and it was a nice break from the silence, but it resumed quickly.  Jason tried to focus on his driving.
	“So, what do you listen to?” Jason asked, finally trying to break the silence in the car.
	“You mean, music?  A little of this, little of that,” Lani replied.
	“Well, okay.”
	“You have CDs, I saw,” Lani observed, putting her phone aside and pointing to the case beneath the center console.  Jason looked down to see them and nodded.  He knew the music down there was on the heavier or stranger side, mostly Slipknot or Daughters; not exactly romantic melodies on the way back from a first date, but a break from silence couldn’t hurt.
	“Take your pick,” he told her.
	When he looked back up, there was another pair of headlights pointing into the trees in front of him.
	And then boom.  His head jolted forward violently as his car crashed into the side of the other vehicle; the sound of a cymbal crashing exploded from every direction as he slammed his foot onto the brake pedal – the airbag expanded before him and wrapped around his head like a cloth as the seatbelt began to pull him back – and then the screeching of tires and the dismal headlights spinning and shining over the forest as the car spun, before it slowly slid to a stop with the lights of his car peering into the woods…
	It was over quickly.  The airbag deflated away from Jason’s lap, and when he turned to Lani, he saw that his hand had reached across the center console to meet her shoulder.  She looked stunned – her eyes were distant, gazing deep into the woods before them.
“Stay on Magnolia Road for seven miles,” the GPS said.
“Jesus,” Lani said after a few seconds, blinking her eyes quickly.  “Jesus.  We could’ve died.”
“Where did that guy come from?” Jason asked, breathing heavily.  He removed his hand from Lani’s shoulder.  “You okay?”  
“Yeah, I’m fine,” she said, and she leaned back on her headrest and looked up at the roof of the car. 
“Good, good,” Jason said as he turned and looked out the window.  Further down the road, the vehicle – he now saw it was a pickup truck – which he had collided with was still right side up.  Its headlights were peering into the woods opposite his own.  The side of the truck where Jason had smashed his car into was crushed, the metal scrunched up like a wrinkled piece of paper.  
“Shit,” Jason said, and he unbuckled his seatbelt – but then he saw the door of the distant pickup truck swing open, and a tall silhouetted figure jump out.  Jason stared at the figure as he stepped back from his truck and looked at the bent metal; and then the figure turned, and started walking towards Jason’s car.
“Okay, okay,” Jason said under his breath.  He tried to open his own door to maybe meet in the middle, but it didn’t budge as he pushed it outwards – evidently it was jammed shut, the metal crushed inwards by the force of the crash.  So he grabbed the hand crank and rolled down the window.
“Are you fucking kidding me?” the guy yelled as he approached.
“I’m sorry, I didn’t –“ Jason began.
	“Unbelievable!” he yelled.  Closer now, the guy’s face was in view; he had a sharp chin and a thick beard, and on his head was a trucker hat with an American flag stitched into the fabric.  His fists were clenched, and his scrunched up face gave the impression that he was about to pop a blood vessel.
“It was my fault,” Jason said desperately, his heart racing.  
“Look at my fucking truck!  Unbelievable.  Un-fucking-believable.  You could have fucking killed me, you know that?”
“I’m sorry, I wasn’t –“
“License,” he said, crossing his arms.  He towered above Jason, who still remained stuck in the car.  “And I’ll need your insurance.”
Jason, his hand shaking, dug through his wallet and handed the man his ID.  The guy took out his phone and snapped a picture with a flash that dilated Jason’s eyes.
“What insurance do you have?” he asked.
Jason blinked.  “Insurance, I—I don’t know.  I, um—“
The guy threw his hands up in the air and clapped them to his sides.  “Christ, you don’t know?”
“It’s through my dad’s…I’ll, uh, call him—“
Jason grabbed his phone and started dialing with shaking hands as the man shook his head in frustration.  Lani just watched the both of them, leaning back on the door casually.  
The phone rang, and then went to dial tone.
“He didn’t pick up,” Jason said, his breath barely able to form words.
“Okay genius, give me the registration card,” he said.  “Info should be with that.”
Jason reached into the glove box and pulled out an orange packet.
“This?”
The man snatched it from Jason’s hand and opened it up.  He looked at it for a moment, and then snapped a picture of it with another bright flash.
“How old are you, bud?” he asked as he snapped the book closed with one hand.
“Seventeen.”
“Jesus,” the man said, shaking his head.  He handed the license and the registration back to Jason.  
“Where did you come from?” Jason asked.  “I didn’t see your lights until the last second.”
To this, the man stared blankly at Jason, but offered no response.  There was a very intentional silence for just a brief moment that the man almost seemed to relish in.
“Um, should I, um,” Jason said.  “Should I get your… your information now?”
“Don’t need it,” the man replied, stepping back from the car.  “My insurance will be in touch with yours.”
“Is that right?” Lani asked suddenly, finally breaking in to the conversation.  She shifted her weight in her seat.
“It is right, yes,” the guy said.  “Your hubby here hit me.  You don’t need my insurance.”
 “You know, I…I think we should call the police,” Jason said.  “I think that’s what…what we’re supposed to do after an accident, and they’ll—“
“We don’t need the police,” the man murmured.  “You don’t know how these things work.  You’re just a couple of kids.”  And then he got close – he put one arm on the roof of the Honda and leaned in through the open window.  Jason was hit with the hideousness of the man’s breath, and he leaned back further into the car.
 “Just, not really necessary for this, see” the man said with a yellow toothed smile.  He was close enough that Jason could see the worn stitching on his American Flag hat.  “We’re both in agreement about who is at fault here.”
“Okay,” Jason whispered softly.
“Okay.”  The man nodded and retreated his head from the window; but instead of walking back to his own vehicle, he strode around to the front of Jason’s Honda, where he was basked in the headlights.  He pulled his phone from his pocket, angled it to the damage – and then he moved the lens a bit higher, and Jason suddenly realized that both he and Lani would be captured in the photo.  He could only sit still as the flash went off.  The man pocketed his phone, and started walking back to his truck.
“You really fucked up, man,” Lani said to Jason when the man was out of earshot.
“I know,” Jason said.
“You going to call the police?” she asked as she took her phone out.
“No.  I mean, maybe.  I don’t know.  He said we didn’t need to.”  
“Your funeral,” Lani said.  
“I’ll call Triple-A,” Jason said.  “Because I don’t think this thing is going to drive, at least I don’t want to try it.”
And then in the corner of Jason’s eye, something scurried out of view in the woods where the headlights pointed.  Jason’s heart skipped a beat and he snapped his head to it – but by then, whatever it was had dashed into the darkness. 
“What was that?” Jason said.
“Hm?” Lani asked, lowering her phone slightly.
“Something moved out there.  In the woods.”
“Probably a deer or something.”
“No, it was – it was…”
“A squirrel?” Lani asked.
Jason’s head began to pulsate, and he rubbed his temples with his fingers.  “God,” he said.  “No, not a squirrel.  It was bigger than that.”
	“Hm.  Hey, you know,” Lani said thoughtfully, pocketing her phone.  She looked Jason in the eyes and raised her eyebrows.  “I think I might know that guy.”
Jason blinked.  “What?  I was talking about –”
“The pickup truck guy?  He might be, like, a friend’s dad or something.  His face looks familiar.”
“Uhm.”
“Maybe it’s Megan’s dad!” Lani said excitedly.  “You know, Megan?  From lab?”
“I… don’t.”  Jason paused.  “Lani, I saw something out there.”
“Yeah, it was a deer or something.”
Jason stared.  “It didn’t look natural, Lani.”
Lani laughed.  “Did you hit your head when we crashed or something?”
“Maybe I did.”
	Lani shrugged.  “You’ll be fine.  Why don’t you call the police real quick?  Or at least Triple A.  I might go ask that guy who he is.”
“Wait, Lani—“
	But Lani had already opened her door, which evidently hadn’t been crushed shut by the impact.  She brushed off her jeans and started walking towards the pickup truck, nearly falling as she clicked away in her heels.
“The hell,” Jason said, and he leaned across the center console to shut Lani’s door.  
When he turned back to watch her walk, she was already stopped besides the door to the pickup truck.  The window rolled down, but it was too dark to see the man inside.  Jason just stared as the two mutely conversed.  They were too distant to decipher, and enveloped in too much darkness for Jason to read their lips; but body language implied a friendly conversation.
“The hell,” Jason said again.  “What are you doing?”  He groaned and turned to the woods briefly, but didn’t see anything this time.  What was it that he had seen before?  In truth, it was just a blur jumping out of sight, but it felt so wrong, like he had glimpsed into Pandora’s Box and seen something he wasn’t meant to see.  His heart was still beating fast, never having calmed down from the accident, and he rubbed his temples and focused on his breathing – but he knew he couldn’t let it rest.
“God,” he said.
He fumbled for his phone, opened up the flashlight app, and began sweeping the light left and right into the woods.  The trees cast long shadows that spun around their roots like the hands of clocks.  If Lani looked over and saw him, she’d think he was insane.
But his phone revealed nothing.  And then, as he swept over the woods from left to right, and right to left, the beam of light disappeared.  Jason tapped his screen to no avail.  Dead.  He sighed and pocketed his phone, and then resumed rubbing his temples with his fingers.  Maybe when Lani was done talking to the guy, she could call the police, or call someone to pick them up, or… Jason didn’t know what else. 
“I don’t do well in high stress situations,” Jason said out loud to no one in particular.  He groaned and rubbed his eyes with his palms.  “God.”
When he turned back to the pickup truck, he saw only darkness.  They had left him.  His stomach dropped and he dismally whispered “Lani?” in his confusion.
